Add migration controller docs (#959)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/storage/migration_controller.md

      volumes:
      - dataVolume: {name: simple-dv}
        name: dv-disk
      - cloudInitNoCloud:
          userData: |
            #cloud-config
            password: fedora
            chpasswd: { expire: False }
        name: cloudinitdisk
EOF
```

## Create a migration plan

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: VirtualMachineStorageMigrationPlan
metadata:
  name: test-plan
spec:
  virtualMachines:
  - name: simple-vm
    targetMigrationPVCs:
    - volumeName: dv-disk
      destinationPVC:
        name: test-pvc
        storageClassName: storageclass-b
EOF
```

## Start the migration

```shell
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: migrations.kubevirt.io/v1alpha1
kind: VirtualMachineStorageMigration
metadata:
  name: test-migration
spec:
  virtualMachineStorageMigrationPlanRef:
    name: test-plan
EOF
```

Observe completion
```shell
$ kubectl get virtualmachinestoragemigration
NAME             PLAN        PHASE       AGE
test-migration   test-plan   Completed   50s
```

## Multi namespace

One can also issue a single plan/migration against multiple namespaces via the following resources

> 

Author: sure

> 

Author: done

# KubeVirt Migration Controller

> The [KubeVirt Migration Controller](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-migration-controller) project provides a set of APIs facilitating bulk storage live migration operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [KubeVirt Migration Controller](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt-migration-controller) project provides a set of APIs that facilitate bulk storage live migration operations. This enables you to migrate multiple virtual machine disks to a common destination storage class. 
```
?
I had to guess but it would be good to provide some details on exactly what this controller does and why the user should install/use it.

Author: done

## Prerequisites
As the project operates on kubevirt VMs with persistent disks, it naturally requires:
- [CDI](/docs/storage/containerized_data_importer.md)

> - [KubeVirt](/docs/cluster_admin/installation.md)

Author: done

## Installation

Install the latest release using the operator

>     for YAML in $(curl -s https://api.github.com/repos/kubevirt/kubevirt-migration-operator/releases/latest | grep browser_download_url | grep -oE 'https://[^"]+\.yaml'); do kubectl create -f $YAML; done

Author: done

> ## Create a VirtualMachine with disk on storage A

Author: I don't think we want to go super verbose about each of the steps. The API together with the header should provide the context
